c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.dll
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.pdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.TestSteelThreadApp.apk
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.TestSteelThreadApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.dll
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.pdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\TestSteelThreadApp.TestSteelThreadApp.apk
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Numerics.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\lukeandrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\TestSteelThreadApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\LukeAndrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\obj\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\LukeAndrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestSteelThreadApp\TestSteelThreadApp\bin\Debug\TestSteelThreadApp.dll.mdb
